# AMLLVSD
## what is AMLLVSD
AMLLVSD is an app that showcases your safari downloads in a full screen, Apple Music full screen lyrics screen looking app, for when you leave your mac unattended (ex. leaving a downloading going while you watch a TV Show, and wanting to check the download progress without getting up). I made this app for that exact reason while downloading a VHDX file for Windows 11 on ARM so I could run it on my M1 MacBook Air. Why was I doing this, you ask? Why are you this nosey? The answer is because I wanted to boot in to Windows 10 on a seperate drive on my Linux machine for gaming and whatnot, and I simply could not find a way to burn a Windows ISO on Arch Linux or even macOS (balena etcher, I thought we were friends 😔), so I had to use the Windows 11 Media Creation Tool. Now, why would I be using the Windows 11 Media Creation Tool to install Windows 10? Well that's because I plan on installing Windows 11 on the PC (as I would with Windows 10), and then use Rufus to burn Windows 10 to a USB Drive. Are you following? If not, here's a little TL;DR for ya: I made this app because I was too lazy to constantly stand up while watching Breaking Bad (great show btw, go watch it) to check a 10 GB download. Anyways, as of writing this, I'm realizing that the Windows 11 Media Creation tool likely doesn't support Windows on ARM, because you wouldn't be able to install Windows 11 (x86-64) on an ARM CPU, so what's the point of making the tool run on an architecture it's not supposed to run on. Hopefully whatever build of Windows 11 on ARM I'm downloading supports running x86 apps, and if not, I'll just cry and then shut down for about a week because I'm stuck with this crappy version of Arch Linux with barely any support for any apps that I use, and that has terrible Bluetooth, Gaming, Wi-Fi (not necessary yet), Graphics, Application, Hardware Interfacing, and monitor support. Hopefully you got all that! If not, too bad! It's just a story and does not matter at all to the application here.

## what does AMLLVSD mean?
AMLLVSD stands for Apple Music Lyrics-Like View (for) Safari Downloads. It is the best I could come up with.
